Copyright Infringement Notice: upjoy.stream is in compliance with 17 U.S.C. ยง 512, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and the Directive 2001/29/EC of the European Parliament.  Our policy is to remove any links which we are notified infringes upon the copyrights of any party.  If your copyrighted material has been found on upjoy.stream and you want this material removed, you must provide a written communication that details the information listed in the following sections.  Please be aware that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you misrepresent information listed on our site that is infringing on your copyrights. We suggest that you first contact an attorney for legal assistance on this matter.  The following elements must be included in your copyright infringement claim:  Provide evidence of the authorized person to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Provide sufficient contact information so that we may contact you if we need to. You must also include a valid email address. You must identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed. A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. A statement that you are the authorized person to act on behalf of the owner, or that you are the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly being infringed. Provide URLs containing info_hash values in simple text, in english. For search queries we have the same policy as google.com. Upjoy.stream reserves the right to block any reported usage that to unlawfully transmit copyrighted material without a license, valid defense or fair use privilege to do so. Upjoy.stream respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your copyright has been infringed through the use of the Services, or otherwise, please contact upjoy.stream: copyright.infringement@upjoy.stream


Legal Warning: Any attempt by any individual, whether or not an upjoy.stream user, to damage, destroy, tamper with, vandalize and/or otherwise interfere with the operation of the Site and/or Services is a violation of criminal and civil law and upjoy.stream will diligently pursue any and all remedies in this regard against any offending individual or entity to the fullest extent permissible by law and in equity.


Indemnification: You agree to indemnify and hold upjoy.stream, its parents and subsidiaries, and each of their respective members, officers, directors, employees, agents, co-branders, content licensors and/or other partners, harmless from and against any and all claims, expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), damages, suits, costs, demands and/or judgments whatsoever, made by any third party due to or arising out of using our service.

Disclaimer of Warranties: THE SITE, SERVICES, AND/OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE SITE, ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE DISCLAIMER OF ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE). IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, upjoy.stream MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE, SERVICES, AND/OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE SITE: (A) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; (C) WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; (D) WILL HAVE SECURITY METHODS EMPLOYED THAT WILL BE SUFFICIENT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE SITE, OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT; AND/OR (E) WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. THE SITE, SERVICES, AND/OR ANY OTHER PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE SITE MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. upjoy.stream WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE AVAILABILITY OF THE UNDERLYING INTERNET CONNECTION ASSOCIATED WITH THE SITE, SERVICES. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM upjoy.stream OR OTHERWISE THROUGH OR FROM THE SITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE AGREEMENT.


Third Party Websites: The Site and/or Services contain links to other websites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. upjoy.stream does not control the information, products or services available on these third party websites. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by upjoy.stream of the applicable website or any association with the website's operators. Because upjoy.stream has no control over such websites and resources, you agree that upjoy.stream is not responsible or liable for the availability or the operation of such external websites, for any material located on or available from any such websites or for the protection of your data privacy by third parties. Any dealings with, or participation in promotions offered by, advertisers on the Site, including the payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between you and the applicable advertiser or other third party. You further agree that upjoy.stream shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage caused by the use of or reliance on any such material available on or through any such website or any such dealings or promotions.

Limitation of Liability: YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT upjoy.stream SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND/OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES. 

Media: All media materials that you submit through or in association with the Site shall be subject to our ToS. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit and/or delete any media content if stored on our servers. 

Collected Data: Each time that you visit the Site, our web server automatically recognizes your IP address and the web page from which you came. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you. We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer the Site and to better serve you in using the products, services and other features associated with the Site. We may use demographic information to tailor the Site and/or Services to the interests of our users. Demographic information is shared with third party advertisers so that they can tailor their advertisements to the appropriate audience. Demographic information may also be shared with other third parties. We reserve the right to provide aggregate or group data about our users for lawful purposes. Aggregate or group data is data that describes the demographics, usage or characteristics of our participants as a group, without disclosing personally identifiable information. By using upjoy.stream service(s), you agree to allow us to provide such aggregate data to third parties. By agreeing to the terms of service, you we have your consent to the disclosure of any record or communication to any third party when we, in our sole discretion, determine the disclosure to be appropriate. We reserve the right to release current or past Personal Information(if collected): (i) in the event that we believe that the Site and/or the Services is/are being or has/have been used in violation of our ToS or to commit unlawful acts; (ii) if the information is subpoenaed or otherwise requested pursuant to a valid legal proceeding provided. (iii) if we are sold or acquired. Moreover, you hereby consent to the disclosure of any record or communication to any third-party when we, in our sole discretion, determine the disclosure to be appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with third-parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time. Users should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have the authority under certain circumstances to permit Personal Information to be shared or transferred to third parties without permission.

Minors: No information should be submitted to, or posted at, the Site by visitors under eighteen (18) years of age. Persons under eighteen (18) years of age are not permitted to access the Site and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from such individuals. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.

Terms of Service Update: upjoy.stream reserves the right to change or update its terms of use at any time. At any time that you do not agree with the changes, you must opt out from using the service. Failure to opt out constitutes an affirmative acknowledgement and acceptance by you of the changed terms.
